Okay, so the fix was amazingly simple.
I basically figured it out
the moment I stopped it.
I will share it with you because you need to know
and this will block you as well most likely.
So first of all, you see
the icon in the upper right corner
the one that I'm pointing with my mouse now
the one that is lit up, the wireless symbol,
not of my Mac but of this
virtual machine, it needs to look like this.
Why didn't it work?
as you can see, it's working now
so if I type in "ping google.com"
the pings are passing through,
and if you think that I did
some shenanigans with the network,
I did not touch it, you see the network status
is still not attached at all, I didn't touch this.
What happened here is pretty much
what does happen sometimes when I switch
from my wired to wireless connection.
It basically keeps on using the wired interface
even though there is no connection on it
and it doesn't know that I've
disconnected it or something like that.
It still sticks to the IP there
and it attempts to send
packets through that interface
but it simply cannot, it's not possible.
Therefore, what you need to do is the following:
Just clear the screen and type in "ifconfig eth0".
You see, this is the Ethernet interface
and you need to type in "ifconfig eth0 down".
And then you need to
basically type this command in,
where do I have it? There we go,
so "systemctl restart network-manager", Enter.
It just restarted, that's all you need to do,
and I can type in "ifconfig" again.
The interface is back up
but, you see, that it does
not have an IPv4 address at all,
there is no IPv4 address here,
rather instead, the IPv4 address is here,
as you can see, it's 192.158.1.10.
And there you have it,
it's there, it's functioning, I can use it.
So if I type in "ping google.com" again
it works, it's passing through, I'm gonna stop it
and let's try to open up Udemy one more time.
There we go, I'm not using
my Mac connection at all here.
I can actually turn the Wi-Fi off on my Mac and
I am still going to be able to do this.
Let me open Udemy Facebook.
It's gonna open it up, maybe
it's gonna be a bit tardy, a bit slow
but it's a virtual machine, so... forgive it.
There you go, I mean, it will open the site,
it's just a little bit slow,
but there you go. It's open.
I just wanted to demonstrate even though
my Wi-Fi is off on my MacBook Pro
and I don't have any connection now,
I'm gonna turn it back on,
but that's it. So look,
this is the very first time in my entire life
I mean, literally, in my
entire life, that I've used the Mac.
Sure I come from a long background of Linux,
and I have used it extensively
and I have suffered with it extensively
until I've learned it. But this, for me,
is the very first time that I've used the Mac.
Sure the Linux does give
me a little bit of an advantage
to a Windows user, but still, keep in mind
this is the very first time that
I've used the Mac in my entire life.
And I have managed to get this to work.
This was the first try,
in front of everybody, live as you saw.
I encountered stupid
problems, I encountered stupid errors,
none of them were too complicated or complex,
but they were just kind of stupid, I mean,
I didn't know how to
unzip a file on a Mac, basically.
It was that stupid, so I went onto
the net and I researched for Homebrew
and I figured out that there was something called
Homebrew and there is Macports
and I've researched extensively on
Stack Overflow, on Buffer Overflow,
actually, Stack Overflow.
I've looked through the Apple's
forums, I've looked everywhere
and I figured out where they're safe or not
and then I went through all of these installations.
As you can see, they were kind of slow,
I wasn't sure what I was doing, I was inching
and moving and figuring it out together with you
and I wanted to do it this way
because this puts me in your shoes,
this puts me in the shoes of
somebody who has experienced problems
and basically, like this I can
do it from your perspective
and you see it does work.
There's no need to install anything on a Mac,
you don't need any
additional drivers on it. Nothing.
You just need to download
the extensions for VirtualBox,
that's it, plug a USB in. Your Mac won't see it,
you won't be able to use it on your Mac,
if you want to use it on your Mac, you can go
and download the drivers
for it if you really want it,
but there's no point to use it on a Mac.
I mean, you already have a wireless card on a Mac.
And I just downloaded the
extensions from Oracle VirtualBox,
plug the USB in, there was no activity on it
until I booted up the Kali Linux
virtual machine to control the USB
and I was able to utilize it here in the VM.
First try,
things were hairy, but I've
managed to go through it all
and managed to set it up
without any problems of whatsoever.
So this is a proof that it works
in a Mac without any problems,
this is Yosemite, latest updates,
sure the Mac is a little bit old, it's from 2011,
but it's running Yosemite on latest updates
and basicaly there is not that
much difference from Mac from 2015.
Sure you have a better display,
but that doesn't affect your USB.
You have a bit of a different hardware inside,
again, doesn't affect your USB port pass-through.
That's pretty much the same,
maybe the only thing that can be different
from this Mac and from
one of 2015 is that that one
that was produced in 2015
will be a lot faster than this one,
perhaps due to flash
storage, perhaps a better processor,
a better RAM and so on and so forth.
If you have any questions,
if you get stuck anywhere along the way
you are, of course, free to post your questions
in the discussion section and I,
as always, will be more than happy
to help you all out as much as I can, but
the very first thing that I would advise you to do
is to actually just take a deep breath,
walk away from your computer, come back,
take a look at the lecture one more time,
slowly, see what I've done,
I haven't skipped any of the steps.
At least, I hope that I didn't.
And try to redo the process.
Also, there are many forums that are your friends.
You can go to Apple forums, you can
go to Linux forums, one of the
Linux forums that I would recommend is
linux.org/linuxquestions
and then you can go to Stack Overflow as well,
they have some really nice sections there as well.
Anyway, I really hope that
this has helped you out a ton
and that you have
managed to get it to work on a Mac.
As you can see, it's not really that much different
from a Windows installation
or from a Linux installation.
It's a little bit different
from a Linux installation
but it's not that different
from a Windows installation at all
and I have chosen the simplest
possible way of installing a Kali VM
within a Mac, so I didn't even
perform the installation with an ISO.
I just downloaded a
prepacked version for VirtualBox
so that you wouldn't have
to bother with any of those things.
I bid you all farewell
and let me know in the
discussions what you think of this,
was this helpful and would you
like to see more videos in regard to Mac,
and what sort of videos
would you like to see with Mac.
Anything that's doable or makes sense,
I will take into
consideration and perhaps try to do.
Till then, I bid you farewell.